the title of this episode searching
always the man who bit the dog and other
stories that nobody does this is the
temple I thought he wanted
know that we'll see if this was done
because it is very well the climate of the last
team episode and two-way
with warning horns sounded when
they found it just to see it showed and another
sense
You'll realize they're going to say brilliant.
welcome to my dog, I play with
the posts thank you very much in a single
judgment by punishment, these are words of the
active magazine this month with podcasts
names like Leo can be very useful
in the fight against serious influenza is seen has
a list of things to prevent and
cure colds and flu
is a bath and serious guide and there in the middle is
people's council and mayor
his podcasts in the man's frame because
I'm going to win it from Élin magazine .
they left because this is not yet
indignant and go to your reason why
you are a republic of
information to people other than dogs
user if it is not serious now
force only for administrative
references are beautiful words from
a women's magazine
usually these magazines in things of the
know that your partner is
to do badly in bed what always leaves
restless and think you're here are all
about me but here's one thing
nice is this fight is good for cough and
the new book will also put on sale
all establishes a book on which
literary critics said ahead
watching a video that is circulating through
that you did not want to delete the news on
site did not respect the English newspaper I
I swear I thought the video was
a joke made with special effects or
most talked about video is that has a
happy end this is that it is not visible in the
video but you know that yes
that which bathes the images were
captured by security cameras from the
past traffic
on October 8 and people on cushion in the
China
the man called we so typical is very
difficult but silva province is a man
called and tried to cross a road
pretty busy and I think
sincerely that the newest pro
Then was the sins in the midst of
transit and then I is across
for the first time is another moment
frankly silly a car goes by so
slow and I behind him that manga
low touching the tail a car is
according to both I am flying for a second
car and finally happens the most
unbelievable mind forever in this
by now are people back is my
try to understand what has happened and
to note that the band not to sit on
neither the passersby who are helping
and hangs very much on top of it and
think a frontal crash now goes
reverse
clearly the man does not engage the march
behind and avoid back goes forward
another plan to a third time the summer
I've never seen anything like this I've never been
Moment the man is alive, it 's to endure.
buy it there the video on facebook
little and now great css innovations
How did I make a video look at the i1?
shin koike the shell is the with full cable
is this is gael Liel and great
science in a story full of intrigue
and scientific tension and I know that
it's at the start it may seem annoying
initially but does not turn off the story
is very bizarre and involves intimate parts
so it gets green
years ago a young woman of 20 years called
odre American ratings 12 alone one
company called sue pitt in Portuguese
of the neck looks like the name of a
fine pastry but not a company
women-oriented science
in particular for the creation of
probiotic medications to improve the
woman's intimate health
which realize that summarizing case it
associated with that of his male colleagues
incompatibilized with it ended up
away from the very company it
created their pizza and so when I
I left homes presenting the news
of the company in a center is
California
It is time that you have very new ideas of
women around the world to have more
health at the level of his to the producer
she was horrified
the two types picking themselves up in the
company announce the creation of
a new probiotic medicine that
doing justice to the company's name sue pizza
can generate god official in the organ
common sexual desire is to want
enters the computer system and can
so change to beat the scent
and why we used the company
because for this once again these two
types say the drug can
to make the private parts of the
ladies I started to have the greatest weight is
that God held the idea in this
conference is scary euro said
basically the smell you 're lord
is at stake is not human
is a scent produced by creatures that
live within you is not clearly
most scientific language in the world
the same group is developing a
biotechnological product that once again
prepare if the parties
of the ladies leaving and roses and
know the coca-cola diet option
I wanted to comment
witty that no one yet but not
found nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing at all.
which we can only do on the second
Today's session, humanity tries to
improve the smell of another function
body and is also very very rich.
drank rock it's and the river images of
another unfortunate moment that all right
the third vehicle that yes and yes in
I do not want to be
rich you clear ask me only what
also will only find the Swiss already
Did we know better?
I was so fascinated entered it's only in the
figure without the man river
I had not realized that the reason for
that go ahead because they hit by
back
I think I 'll learn a non-action
mattress not if on the street did not say so with
the shell does not mean that this is not what
Are you going to call the man alive?
besides the elements that also came together
with michael w
ae